You love yourself for who you are.
You totally trust yourself.
You grow in strength with every forward step you take.
You can do anything you set your mind to do.
You are capable and strong.
You are able to easily handle every problem you face.
When you breathe, you inhale confidence and exhale fear.
Fear is only a feeling. You can act in the face of fear.
You release your hesitation and make room for victory.
You approve of yourself and unconditionally deeply love yourself.
You live in the present and are confident of the future.
You are self-reliant, creative, and persistent in whatever you do.
You are willing to fail in order to succeed.
You love and accept yourself unconditionally.
You are a deserving human being.
You approve of yourself and feel great about yourself.
You are well loved and well respected.
You have the strength to make your dreams come true.
You are free to make your own choices and decisions.
You like yourself better and better each and every day.
You accept others as they are and they accept you as you are.
All is well in your world, and you trade love and acceptance with the world.
You deserve all that is good. You release any need for misery or suffering.
Your mind is full of gratitude for your lovely and wonderful life.
You feel the love of those who are not physically around you.
You take pleasure in your own solitude.
You are too big a gift to this world to feel self-pity.
You love and approve of yourself.
You focus on breathing and grounding yourself.
Following your intuition and your heart keeps you safe and sound.
You make the right choices every time.
You draw from your inner strength and light.
You trust yourself.
You are a unique child of this world.
You have as much brightness to offer the world as the next person.
You matter and what You have to offer this world also matters.
You trust your inner wisdom and intuition.
You breathe in calmness and breathe out nervousness.
This situation works out for your highest good.
Wonderful things unfold before you.
You forgive yourself for all the mistakes you have made.
You let go of your anger so you can see clearly.
You accept responsibility if your anger has hurt anyone.
You replace your anger with understanding and compassion.
You offer an apology to those affected by your anger.
You may not understand the good in this situation but it is there.
You muster up more hope and courage from deep inside you.
You choose to find hopeful and optimistic ways to look at this.
You kindly ask for help and guidance if you cannot see a better way.
You refuse to give up because you haven't tried all possible ways.
You know your wisdom guides you to the right decision.
You trust yourself to make the best decision for you.
You receive all feedback with kindness but make the final call yourself.
You listen lovingly to this inner conflict and reflect on it until You get to peace around it.
You choose friends who approve of you and love you
You surround yourself with people who treat you well
You take the time to show your friends that You care about them
Your friends do not judge you, nor do they influence what you do with your life
You take great pleasure in your friends, even if they disagree or live different lives
You are beautiful and smart and that's how everyone sees you
You take comfort in the fact that you can always leave this situation
You never know what amazing incredible person You will meet next
The company of strangers teaches you more about your own likes and dislikes
You are doing work that you enjoy and find fulfilling
You play a big role in your own career success
You ask for and do meaningful, wonderful and rewarding work
You engage in work that impacts this world positively
You believe in your ability to change the world with the work that You do
Peaceful sleep awaits you in dreamland.
You let go of all the false stories you make up in your head.
You release your mind of thought until the morning.
You embrace the peace and quiet of the night.
You sleep soundly and deeply and beautifully into this night.
This day brings you nothing but joy.
Today will be a gorgeous day to remember.
Your thoughts are your reality so you think up a bright new day.
You fill your day with hope and face it with joy.
You choose to fully participate in your day.
You let go of worries that drain your energy.
You make smart, calculated plans for your future.
You are in complete charge of planning for your future.
You follow your dreams no matter what.
You show compassion in helping your loved ones understand your dreams.
You ask your loved ones to support your dreams.
You answer questions about your dreams without getting defensive.
Your loved ones love you even without fully grappling with your dreams.
You accept everyone as they are and continue on with pursuing your dream.
You are safe and sound. All is well.
Everything works out for your highest good.
There is a great reason this is unfolding before you now.
You have the smarts and the ability to get through this.
All your problems have a solution.
You attempt all - not some - possible ways to get unstuck.
You seek a new way of thinking about this situation.
The answer is right before you, even if you are not seeing it yet.
You believe in your ability to unlock the way and set yourself free.
You have no right to compare yourself to anyone for You do not know their whole story.
You compare yourself only to your highest self.
You choose to see the light that you are to this world.
You are happy in your own skin and in your own circumstances.
You see yourself as a gift to your people and community and world.
You are more than good enough and you get better every day.
You give up the habit of criticising yourself.
You adopt the mindset of praising yourself.
You see the perfection in all your flaws and all your genius.
You fully approve of who you are, even as you get better.
You are a good person at all times of day and night.
You cannot give up until you have tried every conceivable way.
Giving up is easy and always an option so let's delay it for another day.
You press on because you believe in your path.
It is always too early to give up on your goals.
You must know what awaits you at the end of this rope so you do not give up.
The past has no power over you anymore. You embrace the rhythm and the flowing of your own heart.
All that you need comes to you at the right time and place in this life.
You are deeply fulfilled with who you are.
